This workshop is for PhD students of the School of Collective Intelligence.
In this workshop we will learn how to set up python environment for machine learning using ANACONDA and build an artificial neural 
network model for handwritten digits classification first, then create a model for emotions detection.

Part 1:Image classification using ANN

1.Setup Your Python Environment for machine learning
      a.	Install Anaconda : Anaconda is a collection of scientific Python packages, tools, resources, and IDEs.
            https://www.anaconda.com/products/distribution
      b.	Check python and anaconda info
      c.	Lunch jupyter and create a new projectform for DigitsClassification using ANN
      d.	Install packages
2.Build your ANN model for handwritten digits classification
      a. Improt packages
      b. Load the data :we will use the MNSIT dataset: dataset of handwritten digits (0-9), has a training set of 60000 images(28*28) 
      and a test set of 10000 images (28*28)
      c. Preprocess the data
      d. Define the CNN model # CNN consists of three primary layers: Convolutional Layer, Pooling layer, and fully connected layer.
      e. Compile the model
      f. Fit the model
      g. Evaluate the model
      h. Make predictions
      i. Save the model
  
Part2:Image classification using CNN
1.Open Anaconda, lunch jupyter and create a new project form DigitsClassification using CNN
2.Build your CNN model for handwritten digits classification
      a. Improt packages
      b. Load the MNIST dataset
      c. Preprocess the data
      d. Define the model
      e. Compile the model
      f. Fit the model
      g. Evaluate the model
      h. Make predictions
      i. Save the model
Part3:Emotions recognition using DeepFace
#DeepFace is a deep learning facial recognition framework (age, gender, emotion and race) created by a research group at Facebook. 
It identifies human faces in digital images. DeepFace was trained on four million images uploaded by Facebook users.
1. Set up the environment
2. Create your project 
3. Install/ Import packages : OpenCV, deepface
4. Create your emotion detection model
      a. Load the images
      b. Preprocess the images
      c. Face detection
      d. Load the classifiers (the haar-cascade XML files)
         #Download haarcascade_forntalface_default.xml and haarcascade_eye.xmland then save the files in the project folder, 
         you can find the files in the openCV GitHub page: https://github.com/opencv/opencv/tree/master/data/haarcascades
      e. Emotion classification
